Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became
King and he reigned 11 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was him util
the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon he
also did evil in the sight of the Lord
according to all that Jehoiakim had done
for because of the anger of the Lord
this happened in Jerusalem and Judah
till he finally cast them out from his
presence then said Akaya rebelled
against the king of Babylon now it came
to pass in the ninth year of his reign
in the tenth month on the tenth day of
the month that Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon and all his army came against
Jerusalem and encamped against it and
they built a siege wall against it all
around so the city was besieged until
the eleventh year of King Zedekiah by
the 4th month on the ninth day of the
month the famine had become so severe in
the city that there was no food for the
people of the land then the city wall
was broken through and all the men of
war fled and went out of the city at
night by way of the gate between the two
walls which was by the Kings garden even
though the Chaldeans were near the city
all around and they went by way of the
plain but the army of the Chaldeans
pursued the king and they overtook
Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho all
his army was scattered from him so they
took the king and brought him up to the
king of Babylon a tribler in the land of
hamath and he pronounced judgment on him
then the king of Babylon killed the sons
of Zedekiah before his eyes
and he killed all the princes of Judah
in riddler he also put out the eyes of
Zedekiah and the king of Babylon bound
him in bronze fetters took him to
Babylon and put him in prison till the
day of his death
now in the fifth month on the tenth day
of the month which was the 19th year of
King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
neighbors arrayed the captain of the
guard who served the king of Babylon
came to Jerusalem he burned the house of
the Lord and the King's house all the
houses of Jerusalem that is all the
houses of the great he burned with fire
and all the army of the Chaldeans who
were with the captain of the guard broke
down all the walls of Jerusalem all
around then never the Radin the captain
of the guard carried away captive some
of the poor people the rest of the
people who remained in the city the
defectors who were deserted to the king
of Babylon and the rest of the craftsmen
but never Tsar Aidan the captain of the
guard left some of the poor of the land
as vine dresses and farmers the bronze
pillars that were in the house of the
Lord and the carts and the bronze see
that were in the house of the Lord the
Chaldeans
broke in pieces and carried all their
bronze to Babylon they also took away
the pots the shovels the trimmers the
bowls the spoons and all the bronze
utensils with which the priests
ministered the basin's the fire pans the
bowls the pots the lampstands the spoons
and the cups whatever was solid gold and
whatever was solid silver
the captain of the guard took away the
two pillars one see the 12 bronze bulls
which were under it and the cats which
King Solomon had made for the house of
the Lord the bronze of all these
articles was beyond measure now
concerning the pillars the height of one
pillar was 18 cubits a measuring line of
12 cubits could measure its
circumference and its thickness was 4
fingers it was hollow a capital of
bronze was on it and the height of one
capital was five cubits with a network
and pomegranates all around the Capitol
all of bronze the second pillar with
pomegranates was the same there were 96
pomegranates on the sides all the
pomegranates all around on the network
were 100 the captain of the guard took
Surya the chief priest Zephaniah the
second priest and the three doorkeepers
he also took out of the city an officer
who had charge of the man-of-war seven
men of the king's close associates who
were found in the city the principal
scribe of the army who mustered the
people of the land and sixty men of the
people of the land who were found in the
midst of the city and never sir Aidan
the captain of the guard took these and
brought them to the king of Babylon a
tribler
then the king of Babylon struck them and
put them to death at Wrigley in the land
of Hamas thus Judah was carried away
captive from its own land these are the
people whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away
captive in the seventh year 3020 three
Jews in the 18th year of Nebuchadnezzar
he carried away captive from Jerusalem
832 persons in the 23rd year of
Nebuchadnezzar Nevers are Rayden the
captain of the guard carried away
captive of the Jews 745 persons all the
persons were 4,600 now it came to pass
in the 37th year of the captivity of
Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
month on the 25th day of the month that
evil Marauder
king of Babylon in the first year of his
reign lifted up the head of Jahi akin
king of Judah and brought him out of
prison and he spoke kindly to him
and gave him a more prominent seat than
those of the Kings who were with him in
Babylon so Joe koyukon changed from his
prison garments and he ate bread
regularly before the king all the days
of his life and as for his provisions
there was a regular ration given him by
the king of Babylon a portion for each
day until the day of his death all the
days of his life
[Music]
you